docs: update core documentation for Turbopack as default bundler (#84282)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/06-cli/next.mdx

| ---------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-h, --help`                       | Show all available options.                                                                                                                                                        |
| `[directory]`                      | A directory on which to build the application. If not provided, the current directory will be used.                                                                                |

> | `--turbopack`                      | Build using [Turbopack](/docs/app/api-reference/turbopack). Also available as `--turbo`.                                                                                           |

Reviewer: Following my question above, we may need to say that this is enabled by default.

> | `--turbopack`                      | Build using [Turbopack](/docs/app/api-reference/turbopack). Also available as `--turbo`.                                                                                           |

Author: ```suggestion
| `--turbopack`                      | Force enable [Turbopack](/docs/app/api-reference/turbopack) (enabled by default).  Also available as `--turbo`.                                                                                         |
```
